# CS-250-portfolio

When a user tells a development team how they would like to use their application or website, the team must narrow down what features should be included so the customer can accomplish exactly what they need when using the application. the way you would want to do this is to use user stories in order to get a grasp on how the customer plans on using the application. Once this is determined, it is very easy to narrow down what features are most important to the customer and how the team can implement these features into the final design. User stories are very useful in that aspect since they are kind of like the voice of the customer to a developer. 
  When it comes to actual development of the software the development team will go through the product backlog constantly cycling through development and testing and making changes as needed. This is something I need to start doing in my own software development. When I work on my own projects I tend to write up my code and never test until the end making it much harder to dubug and make updates to the code I have. Adding testing in frequently would definitely cut down time on my own projects and could definitely help me once I get into the field. 
    In software development I feel the most important thing to master is communication. Communication is the crucial to being a good team member and making your team want to work with you on future projects. With communication it can be much easier for your team to know what you're struggling with or what other aspecxts of the project you might be able to help out with especially if you have certain areas you are stronger in. 
  
